README.md, before:

# Welcome to Piranha CMS

Piranha CMS is a lightweight framework for building content driven applications using ASP.NET MVC & Web Pages. The main focus of the framework lies in structuring and managing content, not in providing a pre packaged web interface. 

Piranha CMS can be used to build a new application from scratch, or to add CMS functionality to an already existing application. 

## License

The core libraries are released under the **LGPL** license while the template sites are released under the **Apache 2.0** license. For more information, please refer to the README files located in the different project folders.

## Branching strategy

The master branch of this reposiory is the development branch. If you want the source code for the current version this is always available in a complementary branch. If you're looking for an older version you can download it as a zip-file by clicking on Releases.

## NuGet packages

There are NuGet packages available for both the template projects, as well as for the core libraries. To read more about how to get started and the different packages available, please refer to the official site at:

<a href="http://piranhacms.org/docs/introduction/getting-started">http://piranhacms.org/docs/introduction/getting-started</a>

<a href="http://piranhacms.org/docs/introduction/nuget-packages">http://piranhacms.org/docs/introduction/nuget-packages</a>

## Features

If you're interested in features, you can check out the current feature list at the official site at:

<a href="http://piranhacms.org/features">http://piranhacms.org/features</a>

Commit message:

Added note under branching strategy.

README.md, after:

# Welcome to Piranha CMS

Piranha CMS is a lightweight framework for building content driven applications using ASP.NET MVC & Web Pages. The main focus of the framework lies in structuring and managing content, not in providing a pre packaged web interface. 

Piranha CMS can be used to build a new application from scratch, or to add CMS functionality to an already existing application. 

## License

The core libraries are released under the **LGPL** license while the template sites are released under the **Apache 2.0** license. For more information, please refer to the README files located in the different project folders.

## Branching strategy

The master branch of this reposiory is the development branch. If you want the source code for the current version this is always available in a complementary branch. If you're looking for an older version you can download it as a zip-file by clicking on Releases.

**Note: If you want to use the source code that resembles the NuGet-version, DO NOT use the master branch. Instead, use the branch with the same version as the current version on NuGet. If you have an older version that has been removed from the branch list you can download the source code for it from the Releases tab.**

## NuGet packages

There are NuGet packages available for both the template projects, as well as for the core libraries. To read more about how to get started and the different packages available, please refer to the official site at:

<a href="http://piranhacms.org/docs/introduction/getting-started">http://piranhacms.org/docs/introduction/getting-started</a>

<a href="http://piranhacms.org/docs/introduction/nuget-packages">http://piranhacms.org/docs/introduction/nuget-packages</a>

## Features

If you're interested in features, you can check out the current feature list at the official site at:

<a href="http://piranhacms.org/features">http://piranhacms.org/features</a>
